---
layout: post
title:  "Welcome!"
date:   2017-01-31 13:50:39
categories: others
---
This is a blog post in my Portfolio website, and here in my Portfolio website you can find my web projects! To check them- few of my projects are listed in the <a href="http://zhivkoz.github.io/Portfolio/projects/">/projects/</a> page, some of my project are from online courses such as Udemy practices etc., there are also few other websites that I'm still developing like this social-network that I practiced on, and found that is very suitable for that role: and this is how it looked when I started: <a href= "https://zhivkoz.github.io/Portfolio/static/projects/Old-but-nocomment.PNG">PREPARE tab</a>.. was such a long time ago( almost 2years).., and now it looks like this:
<a href="https://zhivkoz.github.io/Portfolio/static/projects/change-is.PNG">new tab.</a> And this website has features like a blog website where one can easily register with only a username and password, a user can - Post posts into the main front page, a Post cannot be empty or longer then 5000 characters, each user can delete his own posts, and each post can be liked once by every other user but cannot be liked by the author of the post, the most liked post goes into the header of the website under the logo, as a greeting message of the website or so. Each Posted Post has the username and the user's profile picture, and the time when it has been posted. Every user can upload 1 profile picture jpg, png or a gif file directly into the websites database as their profile picture. Every user of the so called social network can follow other users, and the followed users are listed on his own front(main) page, and if one clicks on the followed user, that users posts will be filtered and showed on the front(main) page. The main page is designed to be an infinite scroll with no restrictions. The website also has a Search Page where one can see all the users that has been registered or can search for a username and can follow them. The website also has a chat for everyone where the chat is limited to 200 Post-like messages and the other are being hidden, the chat shows a timestamp of the messages and the users profile picture.  

Also it is on a Heroku hosting: <a href="http://enigmatic-lowlands-70396.herokuapp.com">http://enigmatic-lowlands-70396.herokuapp.com</a>, and here are accounts to login:

 username: Guest1, password: 123456
 username: Guest2, password: 123456

 I accept any suggestions to what can I do better or make some changes, comment, invite, subscribe.

 I have taken a lot of online courses in the Codecademy website and here is my <a href="https://www.codecademy.com/zhivko73656"> profile</a>, also in High School I studied System Programming, and I have a Bachelor Degree from a University in Informatics.

 Cheers!
